Add MatkaNight to Gaming section (#161)
midnightntwrk/midnight-awesome-dapps: README.md

_Interactive, zero-knowledge-powered games_

> - [MatkaNight](https://github.com/hsay123/MatkaNight_) - Privacy-first card prediction game on Midnight using zero-knowledge proofs so bets and gameplay history stay private. - [Demo](https://matkanight.vercel.app/)

Reviewer: Please use a factual one-liner that matches the running Compact contract. You can commit this suggestion directly.

```suggestion
- [MatkaNight](https://github.com/hsay123/MatkaNight_) - Card prediction game on Midnight with Compact circuits for bet commit-and-settle and a React frontend. - [Demo](https://matkanight.vercel.app/)
```
